Grandpa's Little Train
Peppa and George
have come to play
in Granny and Grandpa's garden.
What's that noise?
Grandpa's making something.
Hello, Peppa and George!
That's perfect timing.
I've just finished making it!
And may we ask what "it" is?
I'll show you!
Wow!
A Little toy train!
It's not a toy.
This is "Gertrude".
She's a miniature locomotive.
But doesn't it need
railway tracks to run on?
Oh no.
I've fitted Gertrude
with car wheels,
so she can go
anywhere she likes.
Grandpa,
can we ride in Gertrude?
Hop aboard!
Full steam ahead!
Bye bye, Granny!
See you later!
Peppa and George love
Grandpa's Little train.
Grandpa's train goes:
Choo choo choo!
All day Long!
And the piggies on the train go:
Oink oink oink!
All day Long!
Here is Granddad Dog
with Danny Dog.
Hello!
Hello, Danny!
I see you're playing toy trains.
Toy?! Gertrude isn't a toy!
How. S your Little lorry?
Little lorry?!
My "breakdown truck"
is a proper, work vehicle.
Granddad?
Can I ride on the train?
Hmm.
It's yourchoice, Danny,
if you'd rather
play trains than...
Thanks Granddad!
See you later!
Miss Rabbit is
driving the school bus.
And to our left,
we can see
some hills with trees...
Hello, everyone!
Hello, Peppa!
All Peppa's friends are here.
Can we ride on the train?
Um. I'm giving the children
an educational bus tour.
Are trains educational?
They certainly are!
Hmm. Hands up,
all those who
want to ride on the train.
Me! Me! Me!
And hands up,
all those who want to
stay on the bus.
Ok, you can
all go on the train.
And I'll follow along behind.
Grandpa's train goes:
Choo choo choo!
All day long!
What a lot of mud!
We don't want to get stuck.
Maybe we should
go a different way.
It's only a patch of mud.
Come on, Gertrude!
You can make it!
Come on, bus! You can make it!
The bus is stuck in the mud.
Oh bother!
Hello, Miss Rabbit!
How are you today?
I'm a bit stuck.
Can you rescue me?
Certainly!
Is yourtruck strong enough?
Trust me.
Did it work?
Er. No.
We need a vehicle
with more power...
Can I help in any way?
Er, it's nothing
that I can't deal with.
Thanks anyway.
I've got an idea!
Grandpa Pig's train
can tow me out of the mud!
Er. Good thinking,
Miss Rabbit.
Grandpa's Little train is going
to pull the bus out of the mud.
Full steam!
Come on, Gertrude!
Come on, Gertrude!!!
Horray!
Well done!
It's amazing what
can be done by a toy train!!
Toy!!? Gertrude isn't a toy!
Gertrude is the very best train
in the whole world!